README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <div>
    <img src=".github/logo-sexy.svg" alt="ai-tdd logo"/>
    <h1 align="center">AI + TDD</h1>
    <h4 align="center">Follow the bird <a href="https://twitter.com/io_Y_oi"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/io_Y_oi?style=flat&label=io_Y_oi&logo=twitter&color=0bf&logoColor=fff" align="center"></a>
    </h4>
  </div>
	<h2>GPT powered CLI for TDD</h2>
	<h2>You write the test — GPT writes the code until it passes the test ✅</h2>
	<p>Prompting GPT with a test suite makes it write code impressively accurate</p>
	<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ai-tdd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ai-tdd" alt="Current version"></a>
</div>

---

## Example

Here is a frontend test suite written in [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) + [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/). Yes, AI-TDD easily passes even frontend tests:

```typescript
import React from "react";
import { rest } from "msw";
import { setupServer } from "msw/node";
import { render, fireEvent, waitFor, screen } from "@testing-library/react";
import "@testing-library/jest-dom";
import Fetch from "../fetch";

const server = setupServer(
  rest.get("/greeting", (req, res, ctx) => {
    return res(ctx.json({ greeting: "hello there" }));
  })
);

beforeAll(() => server.listen());
afterEach(() => server.resetHandlers());
afterAll(() => server.close());

test("loads and displays greeting", async () => {
  render(<Fetch url="/greeting" />);

  fireEvent.click(screen.getByText("Load Greeting"));

  await waitFor(() => screen.getByRole("heading"));

  expect(screen.getByRole("heading")).toHaveTextContent("hello there");
  expect(screen.getByRole("button")).toBeDisabled();
});

test("handles server error", async () => {
  server.use(
    rest.get("/greeting", (req, res, ctx) => {
      return res(ctx.status(500));
    })
  );

  render(<Fetch url="/greeting" />);

  fireEvent.click(screen.getByText("Load Greeting"));

  await waitFor(() => screen.getByRole("alert"));

  expect(screen.getByRole("alert")).toHaveTextContent("Oops, failed to fetch!");
  expect(screen.getByRole("button")).not.toBeDisabled();
});
```

Ready? Here is the code generated by AI-TDD (GPT-4) to pass the test:

```jsx
import React, { useState } from "react";

function Fetch({ url }) {
  const [data, setData] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);
  const [loading, setLoading] = useState(false);

  async function fetchData() {
    setLoading(true);
    try {
      const response = await fetch(url);
      if (!response.ok) throw new Error("Failed to fetch");
      const data = await response.json();
      setData(data.greeting);
    } catch (error) {
      setError(error.message);
    } finally {
      setLoading(false);
    }
  }

  return (
    <div>
      {data && <h1 role="heading">{data}</h1>}
      {error && <div role="alert">{error}</div>}
      <button onClick={fetchData} disabled={loading}>
        Load Greeting
      </button>
    </div>
  );
}

export default Fetch;
```

## Setup

1. Install AI-TDD globally to use in any repository:

   ```sh
   npm install -g ai-tdd
   ```

2. Get your API key from [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys). Make sure you add payment details, so API works.

3. Set the key to AI-TDD config:

   ```sh
   ai-tdd config set OPENAI_API_KEY <your_api_key>
   ```

   Your api key is stored locally in `~/.ai-tdd` config file and is not stored anywhere in any other way.

4. Set the command to run the tests:

   ```sh
   ai-tdd config set RUN_TESTS "npm run test"
   ```

   Your api key is stored locally in `~/.ai-tdd` config file and is not stored anywhere in any other way.

## Usage

You can call AI-TDD like this:

```sh
aitdd run
```

You can also call it via `ait` or `tdd` shortcuts:

```sh
ait run
```

Or:

```sh
tdd run
```

## Payments

You pay for your own requests to OpenAI API. AI-TDD uses latest GPT model by default, check it's [pricing](https://openai.com/pricing). Maximum response tokens are set to 2000, you can adjust it via `ait config set maxTokens=<number>`.

I couldn't manage ChatGPT model to solve the problem. I tried to few shot it with a response example, it doesn't understand what I want. If you want to try manage it via ChatGPT — test it and open a PR 🚀

Commit message:

renamed to aitdd from ai-tdd

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <div>
    <img src=".github/logo-sexy.svg" alt="aitdd logo"/>
    <h1 align="center">AI + TDD</h1>
    <h4 align="center">Follow the bird <a href="https://twitter.com/io_Y_oi"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/io_Y_oi?style=flat&label=io_Y_oi&logo=twitter&color=0bf&logoColor=fff" align="center"></a>
    </h4>
  </div>
	<h2>GPT powered CLI for TDD</h2>
	<h2>You write the test — GPT writes the code until it passes the test ✅</h2>
	<p>Prompting GPT with a test suite makes it write code impressively accurate</p>
	<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/aitdd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/aitdd" alt="Current version"></a>
</div>

---

## Example

<!-- TODO: add CRUD example -->

Here is a frontend test suite written in [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) + [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/). Yes, AITDD easily passes even frontend tests:

```typescript
import React from "react";
import { rest } from "msw";
import { setupServer } from "msw/node";
import { render, fireEvent, waitFor, screen } from "@testing-library/react";
import "@testing-library/jest-dom";
import Fetch from "../fetch";

const server = setupServer(
  rest.get("/greeting", (req, res, ctx) => {
    return res(ctx.json({ greeting: "hello there" }));
  })
);

beforeAll(() => server.listen());
afterEach(() => server.resetHandlers());
afterAll(() => server.close());

test("loads and displays greeting", async () => {
  render(<Fetch url="/greeting" />);

  fireEvent.click(screen.getByText("Load Greeting"));

  await waitFor(() => screen.getByRole("heading"));

  expect(screen.getByRole("heading")).toHaveTextContent("hello there");
  expect(screen.getByRole("button")).toBeDisabled();
});

test("handles server error", async () => {
  server.use(
    rest.get("/greeting", (req, res, ctx) => {
      return res(ctx.status(500));
    })
  );

  render(<Fetch url="/greeting" />);

  fireEvent.click(screen.getByText("Load Greeting"));

  await waitFor(() => screen.getByRole("alert"));

  expect(screen.getByRole("alert")).toHaveTextContent("Oops, failed to fetch!");
  expect(screen.getByRole("button")).not.toBeDisabled();
});
```

Ready? Here is the code generated by AITDD (GPT-4) to pass the test:

```jsx
import React, { useState } from "react";

function Fetch({ url }) {
  const [data, setData] = useState(null);
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);
  const [loading, setLoading] = useState(false);

  async function fetchData() {
    setLoading(true);
    try {
      const response = await fetch(url);
      if (!response.ok) throw new Error("Failed to fetch");
      const data = await response.json();
      setData(data.greeting);
    } catch (error) {
      setError(error.message);
    } finally {
      setLoading(false);
    }
  }

  return (
    <div>
      {data && <h1 role="heading">{data}</h1>}
      {error && <div role="alert">{error}</div>}
      <button onClick={fetchData} disabled={loading}>
        Load Greeting
      </button>
    </div>
  );
}

export default Fetch;
```

## Setup

1. Install AITDD globally to use in any repository:

   ```sh
   npm install -g aitdd
   ```

2. Get your API key from [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys). Make sure you add payment details, so API works.

3. Set the key to AITDD config:

   ```sh
   aitdd config set OPENAI_API_KEY <your_api_key>
   ```

   Your api key is stored locally in `~/.aitdd` config file and is not stored anywhere in any other way.

4. Set the command to run the tests:

   ```sh
   aitdd config set RUN_TESTS "npm run test"
   ```

   Your api key is stored locally in `~/.aitdd` config file and is not stored anywhere in any other way.

## Usage

You can call aitdd like this:

```sh
aitdd run
```

You can also call it via `ait` or `tdd` shortcuts:

```sh
ait run
```

Or:

```sh
tdd run
```

## Payments

You pay for your own requests to OpenAI API. AITDD uses latest GPT model by default, check it's [pricing](https://openai.com/pricing). Maximum response tokens are set to 2000, you can adjust it via `ait config set maxTokens=<number>`.

I couldn't manage ChatGPT model to solve the problem. I tried to few shot it with a response example, it doesn't understand what I want. If you want to try manage it via ChatGPT — test it and open a PR 🚀
